modules/chapter1/pages/section2.adoc, before:

= Check your work

== Follow below steps in the lab to check your work

FIXME: Add the instructions to be followed in the lab environment to make sure the problem has been resolved. You may chose to remove this block if grading script is provided in the lab to check the work.

== Check your work using the grading script

After you have resolved the issue and met the success criteria, login to `FIXME` system as `FIXME` user and run the grading script as shown here to check your work:

[source,bash,role=execute]
----
break-fix-script grade
----

.Sample output
----
[root@classroom ~]# break-fix-script grade
Initiating break-fix-script with option grade
Grading.  Please wait.
Success.
COMPLETION CODE: <check your output for this value>
Completed break-fix-script with option grade successfully
----

FIXME: Remove the below block if no grading script is provided to check the work in the break-fix activity. In this case make sure you use the above block to provide step-by-step instructions learner can follow to check their work.

== Submit the completion code

NOTE: Skip this if not applicable for you.

- For RedHat internal audience: Submit that completion code https://link-to-appropriate-lms.com[here,window=_blank] to receive a grade for this training
- For RedHat partners: Submit that completion code https://link-to-appropriate-lms.com[here,window=_blank] to receive a grade for this training

FIXME: Change the links in the above lines to the link for appropriate audience specific LMS where learner can provide completion code. Remove this block if submitting completion is not applicable.

Commit message:

Added Root, chapter 1, chapter 2, and chapter 3

modules/chapter1/pages/section2.adoc, after:

= Check your work

== Check your work using the grading script:
----
(overcloud) [stack@director ~]$ lab grade bfx019
Running grade action against scenario bfx019
cirros@172.25.250.203's password:
Grading scenario bfx019: PASSED!
----
Instance IP address from the preceding output can differ in your environment.
[NOTE]
====
Provide the gocubsgo as a password.
====
== Success Criteria
Successful completion of this activity requires that ssh to instance is working:
----
(overcloud) [stack@director ~]$ ssh -i /home/stack/osp_training/.scenario1/scenario-1-key.pem cirros@172.25.250.203
sign_and_send_pubkey: no mutual signature supported
cirros@172.25.250.203's password:
$
----

[NOTE]
====
We recommend treating these scenarios as challenges first and attempting to resolve them independently. Even if you successfully resolve the issue on your own, it is valuable to go through the guided steps to understand the approach demonstrated in this training. Note that the MAC addresses, IP addresses, and other details referenced in the guided steps might vary in your specific scenario.
====
